chore: Reorganize into guides, references, and concepts (#113)
c6o/docs: content/guides/commands/teleport.md

# Teleport

Teleport's purpose is to allow developers to develop and debug their code locally as though they are inside the cluster.

## Use-Case

Local running services that are being modified need to talk to services that are deployed in a cluster so that developers only need to run what they are changing. 

## Under the hood

Teleport works by creating a tunnel from your local machine into the remote cluster.

### Tunnel to remote services

In order to route local traffic to in cluster resources, Teleport does several things:

1. Creates IP addresses for each remote service
2. Binds a proxy service from this IP to the remote service (similar to `kubectl port-foward`)
3. Modifies your local `hosts` file to direct DNS entries to the appropriate local IPs.

### Why is `sudo` required?

> Teleport requires access to make modifications to your local `hosts` file, which can only be done with elevated root access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport makes modifications to your operating system's DNS in order to resolve in-cluster resources. This can only be done with elevated permissions.
```

## Cleanup

From time to time you may find that an old `czfwd` is running, that the `/etc/hosts` file has an old tunnel registered, or an old env.sh (whatever name you have given this) file is still laying around. Cleanup is a matter of killing both the czfwd processes and the environment file monitor. Usually this will be enough to clean up the `/etc/hosts` or `[some env file]`, but occasionally these will need to be cleaned up manually. (Your `/etc/hosts` file is backed up in `~/hosts.original`, see below for more detail)

The environment output file can simply be deleted or renamed.  The `/etc/hosts` file will need to be edited with root privledges and the additional DNS entries removed.

Killing the tunnel process:
```bash
> sudo killall czfwd
```

Here's an example of getting the process ids and using `kill -9` to end these processes.

```bash
> ps xau | grep 'czfwd' | grep -v 'grep' |  awk '{print $2 " -> " $11, $12}'
65374 -> /Users/username/.codezero/bin/czfwd/czfwd svc
```
```bash
> sudo kill -9 65374
```

If the `/etc/hosts` file has not cleaned up after killing the tunnel process, edit this file directly with `sudo vi /etc/hosts` or use your favorite editor.

> The tunneller process creates a backup of your `/etc/hosts` file in `~/hosts.original` that can be copied to the `/etc/hosts` using `sudo cp ~/hosts.original /etc/hosts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tunnel process creates a backup of your `/etc/hosts` file in `~/hosts.original` that can be copied to the `/etc/hosts` using `sudo cp ~/hosts.original /etc/hosts`
```
